0	“ Like almost all Dutch people , I was practically born on a bicycle ; I ’ve been cycling since I was two years old .

1	Some people in the face of death think mostly of everything that they have missed out on .

2	How was a fair solution arrived at ?

3	is perhaps the most effective way to fight ignorance .

4	Where is it less possible ?

5	In 2016 , the central focus of the WEF meeting was the transformation from an industrial to an information society , a transition that will occupy us for decades to come .

6	In broader terms Why is privacy worth protecting ? It is a fundament of freedom , an element of human dignity .

7	Two years later – exactly 10 years ago – the bank ’s clients were already able to pay their bills and buy securities online . This too was a first for Swiss banking .

8	How do belonging and identity develop ?

9	There ’s the special friendship – warm friendship , even – that I still have with Jean Alesi .

10	Switzerland is a small country , but it has many creative chefs .

11	It may be the case that middleranked powers can make occasional accomplishments , but the facilitating conditions are rarely of their own making .

12	They were expelled from it in the 1960s and all their previous attempts to return have been brutally blocked .

13	The data is treated as confidential .

14	I had n’t learned to fight back .

15	A large number of respondents also mention democratic rights and opportunities for participation .

16	I understand that people feel insecure .

17	Do you see progress there ?

18	US , US persons , UK , EEA

19	His voice betrays frustration .

20	That ca n’t be achieved without dramatically reducing benefits .

21	For this reason , our eastbound journey also sets out precisely where the prime meridian intersects the equator , at the zero point between North , South , East and West .

22	The bricks are shaped , dried and fired on - site .

23	Because then you are searching for new paths , possibly unconsciously .

24	– 272 – – 269 24.6 Helium 20.1797 [ He ] 2s

25	This foundation , which is principally backed by Credit Suisse , has been responsible for supporting a number of significant football projects among the population at large .

26	Ticino native Luigi Snozzi , 82 , is one of Switzerland ’s best - known architects , although few of his designs have actually been built .

27	In Search of Mathematical Paradise

28	Every day we worked from six in the morning till late into the night .

29	Unlike in the US , where assimilation is strongly emphasized , foreign cultures definitely have their place in Toronto .

30	Even just managing all the media requests was a challenge .

31	“ Switzerland is one of those countries that can benefit from the rise in commodity and oil prices , ” reckons Alois Bischofberger , Chief Economist of Credit Suisse for 22 years .

32	Alternative drive systems will be a key topic over the medium term , with the electric motor likely to continue to gain in popularity .

33	Erwin Wurm , artist and photographer from Vienna “ Freedom is the only thing that allows us to levitate and to rise above the world and endure it . ”

34	Inflows collapsed after this and totaled no more than USD 19 billion in 2002 .

35	It has taken very long for the penny to drop .

36	According to Schuler , there is very strong cooperation between Europa Nostra and the Council of Europe , the institutions of the European Union , and UNESCO .

37	According to the state - controlled China Youth Daily , 600,000 people die every year from working too hard .

38	Rock music was at first revolutionary , but in the’70s it mutated into the mainstream .

39	Whether individual investors or mutual funds , pension funds or private equity , more and more investors understand the microfinance business model , and clients globally are looking to participate in this growth . ”

40	Leslee Constable is a Thai boxer by preference .

41	In Mozambique many of these guns were collected and melted down at extra ordinary costs .

42	Twenty years from now , the entire world of health care will have changed .

43	The Mother ’s Day Concert on TV …

44	“ Our shade is cheap , and it has great side effects , ” says Joe Whitworth , president of the Freshwater Trust in Portland , Oregon .

45	The percentage of those who are “ proud to be Swiss ” has increased steadily over the past ten years , above all on the political left .

46	Throughout the Islamic Orient , green enjoys the status of a cult color because it is the color of the prophet Muhammad .

47	They serve a huge market , and we have the content . ”

48	The practical consequences can be observed in a growing number of households .

49	The hunt for new records has nothing in common with true adventure .

50	That ’s typical for Rwanda .

51	This had two consequences firstly , it turned off the general public who bought “ 1421 ” in cartloads to see what all the fuss was about .

52	She retired from the public stage and increasingly worked with nondancers , including incurable AIDS cases and cancer patients , with whom she sought to investigate the therapeutic impact of dance .

53	Globalization – and the stronger global orientation of the integrated Credit Suisse – have further fuelled this trend .

54	Sometimes such discussions take place in the public arena , thus forcing each participant ’s hand , while others take place behind closed doors , far away from the microphones .

55	To put it in simple terms , just 10 years ago marketing bosses were targeting their campaigns above all at newspapers and television with a view to boosting consumption of their products .

56	But at 14 percent ( + 4 pp ) , this number is far below the level in 2001 ( 27 percent ) .

57	Recent winners

58	“ I wish her the freedom to be able to express her opinions and ideas without having to hold back .

59	Over the River – Three Years to Go to Competition

60	By spreading our investments over a number of asset classes , regions and issuers , we can eliminate the so - called title - specific risk , while the portfolio risk remains .

61	Find our more about the initiative and how Credit Suisse ’s partners are helping teachers and pupils credit-suisse.com/5yearsgei

62	However , we are convinced that strong economic growth from consumer spending and construction investment will once again have a positive effect on equity markets .

63	The engineers , meanwhile , are looking to compensate as far as possible for this technical restriction through ingenious tweaks of design .

64	What are the worst events in life ?

65	University of Fribourg , 2015

66	Dubai is ideal for me simply from a training perspective .

67	Only then will the driver be able to execute the rapid moves required in a critical situation .

68	And another fact is important , too Ten years ago , China had to import 60 percent of the electronic components ; today they only import 30 percent .

69	Thewoman later recountedthatshe hadmoved outwith herchildren because her husband had resorted tobeating her after he had lost his job and been unable to find work

70	The measures and decisions taken are recorded in a set of brief minutes .

71	Global players , such as Google , can now emerge in just a decade , ” Vayloyan said .

72	May 13 , 2007

73	Many attorneys are deluding themselves if they think they hold a neutral position with respect to the family , as they are rarely accepted by the children .

74	Social , communication and intercultural skills have clearly gained in significance .

75	The infrastructure is meager .